Roll the dice, perform the results on who is to your right.
Remove 1 layer of clothing.
Remove 2 layers of clothing.
Naked time.
Group chooses a lap for you to sit on naked.
Until your next turn, use your hands to please another player of groups choice.
Until your next turn give another player oral.
For the next 2 turns, you also do any punishments.
For the next 3 turns edge yourself.
If any player is currently trying to edge, make sure they fail until their turn.
Until you lose next, you must drink whenever another player loses.
Group gives you a dare.
Until you lose again, whenever anyone loses you must moan.
Until you lose again, whenever another player loses you remove 1 layer.
The next time you lose you do double or for double the duration.
The next player that loses you belong to until you die again.
The next player that dies you must call sir/mistress until you die again.
Make a trade deal with another player. They drink and you strip, or you drink and they strip. If refused you do both.
Explain to another player where you want them to finish on or in you.
Tell the group which two players you would be willing to have a threesome on this table with.
Do your best split. If you're nude, do it on the player to your right.
If someone is topless put their nipples in your mouth, otherwise, you become topless.
Pick two people, roll the lewd dice and do what it says to both.
If you die on your next turn with the gun, everyone loses 1, if you don't you lose 3.
Remove a layer IRL and tell everyonw what you took off, do it in front of everyone.
Hit on someone with your best UK accent.
Hit on someone with your best southern accent.
Hit on someoen with your best Aussie accent. (Kiwi's already are Aussies)
You remove 1 layer and drink with the player that lost before you.
Give oral to the player that lost before you.
Choose: Take someone to a private room, or re-spin and do double.
The group makes a SFW rule that only applies to you.
Pose as lewd as you can and have your picture taken.
If you currently have a lovense/pyshock at the ready, give the code to someone in the room.
Remove any number of layers, give a drink for each you remove.
Pick a player then choose: Ride them or they ride you. Pretend or not.
The group makes a NSFW rule that only applies to you.
Make a NSFW rules that applies to all but you or remove a rule.
Do all rules currently in place, if none, make one.
Lick whoever is the most naked.
Remove 1 layer but put another on, if you can't remove 2.
Take off as many layers as you want.
Choose: drink 4, strip 2, or drink 2 and strip 1.
Make a NSFW rule, then pick one person to perform it now.
Wipe all rules in play. Lucky.
Make a NSFW rule or delete one.
Pick someone to remove 2 layers of clothing.
Make a NSFW rule that applies on loss.
Remove any number of layers, for each one, the group takes a shot.
Group decides your fate.
Use your hands to please the 3rd player on your right.
Massage the next player to spin in a nsfw manner.
Pick someone to remove 1 layer of clothing.
Remove 2 layers of clothing.
Remove 1 layer of clothing.
Switches, switch places with someone.
Using another player of groups choice, demonstrate your favorite position. Get a picture
Group removes 1 layer.
Motorboat the player on your right.
Fake an orgasm. If the group decides you could do better take 3.
Group chooses another player. Lay in thier lap and let them spank you. Say thank you after.
Remove an article of clothing IRL then post a picture in discord OR remove layers on your avi and sit on the player of groups choice lap.
Roll the number Die. Whatever number it lands on pick that many players. All of you all do the next prompt.
Get a lewd picture with you and a player of your choice.
Send a lewd pic, irl or vrc, to the last person you messaged.
You are now the player that lost last's new toy until you lose again.
Tell the group your ultimate sexual fantasy.
Tell the group the kinkiest thing you've ever done.
Group picks another player, describe what you would do to them and drink.
Demonstrate you're favorite sex position.
Remove 1 article of clothing from the player that lost last with your teeth.
You remove 1 when another player loses until you lose again or are naked.
Until you lose again, you must fire twice.
Make a bet with the group on how many shots till it fires. If you win, group drink x3, If you lose take 3 and remove 1.
Give the last person that lost a kiss.
Group shot x 2
Free choice.
Allow yourself to be free use until you lose again or whoever is engaged with you loses.
Pick another player to strip. If everyone is naked, get a group photo.
If you're currently naked, pic someone to match you. If you can't put everything back on.
Show the moves you would bust at the club if you were trying to seduce someone.
Mime a blowjob.
Name one song you get off to.
Whisper someone in the group’s name in a seductive way.
Let someone suck on your finger.
Pretend to have an orgasm.
Describe in detail your last sexual encounter.
Strip down to your underwear or put it back on.
Lick someone's neck.
Pretend to have phone sex with someone for 1 minute.
Do a body shot off of someone's stomach.
Take a sexy photo with someone in the group.
Imitate your favorite porn star's voice.
Tell everyone a made up sexy story about you and someone in the room.
Describe your most embarrassing sexual experience.
Let someone whisper in your ear.
Pick another player, you both choose what the other takes off.
Describe your favorite sexual experience.
Give a lap dance to the person to your right.
Do 10 jumping jacks naked.
Stand on the table and strike 3 sexy poses while someone takes pictures.
Let someone feed you a piece of food in the sexiest way possible.
Make out with your hand for 1 minute.
Take a lewd photo with someone and post it on social media or discord.
Speak in a seductive voice until your next turn.
Give someone in the group a kiss on the cheek.
Tell the group an explicit fantasy of yours.
Rub someone's thigh for 1 minute.
Change you're height to 1.3
Change you're height to 2.2
Let someone give you a hickey.
Do a lap dance for someone of the group's choosing.
Give someone a back rub for 3 minutes.
Pick another player, do the next dare with them or do two on your next turn.
